five four three two one
to understand the weather is to prepare
our world for floods droughts famines
I asked for funding for my own
expedition into the skies you've been
assigned to responsibilities to change
the world you have to meet it
find another madman to get in the
balloon with all perhaps that woman are
you misread I need to make studies of
the air I need you were to fly us higher
than anyone has ever been you even have
a balloon not yet will you help me
you're incredibly late are you ready you
have no conception of how ready I am
there's pressure who's changing fast
and so it begins hold on
have you even been in a balloon you have
experience of lack of oxygen to the
brain what are we to lose a lice it's
gonna be more important than our lives
have you noticed it's completely silent
we are now higher than anyone has ever
been still no sign of them
[Music]
the gas release valve is fitted
you